Introduce the `put` operator (#3036)
tenzir/vast: changelog/next/features/3036--put-operator.md

> The `put` operator succeeeds the `extend` and `replace` operators. It updates
> values in-place when the assigned-to extractor exists in the input events, and
>  a new field with the assigned value ad the end otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `put` operator succeeeds the `extend` and `replace` operators. It updates
values in-place when the assigned-to extractor exists in the input events, and
adds a new field with the given value at the end otherwise.
```
